eVAL- AN Education Evaluation System
Reduce operational burden and management cost for your document databases. Move online in a secured environment and make content access universal and role-based.


All organizations want the highest productivity, security, and accessibility to all documents. Storing and accessing all organizational documents across departments, teams, and geographies is the key to success, security, and sustainability.
Our opensource based ECM enables moving your document databases online in a highly secure environment that is cloud ready and scalable.
ECM is the perfect place to store your archives, documents like electronic versions of documents and other rich media formats to create a high functioning repository with advanced search, workflow management and universal or role based content access.
ECM Workflow
The ECM workflow aids you in all aspects of documentation management.
Capture

Retrieve
Workflow

Capture, digitalize and secure data while saving and converting various file formats.
Multilingual OCR
Scanned Image Enhancement
Compression
Cleaning & QC
Metadata Indexing
Page-Level Tagging
PDF Conversion
Auto Upload to ECM
Securely retrieve files and documents. Use advanced filters, searches, and full-text indexing.
Structured Folders
Folder & Document-Level Access
Role-based Access & Authorization
Content type Segregation
Advanced search
Full Text search
Manage workflows, including review and verification, and maintain hierarchies, security, and user configurations.
Review and Approval Workflows (e.g., invoice verification)
Multilevel Hierarchy Parallel Workflows
Secured Workflows User Configurable Workflows


ECM Features
Secured Opensource
We are Certified Service Provider (RSP) for DSpace providing Custom implementation on the top of DSpace open-source platform with OWASP compliance.
Enterprise integration
Integrate your ECM with existing enterprise applications, such as SAP and Google Enterprise.
Scalable expandable, future-ready
The architecture and implementation take care of future readiness. Cluster architecture and Auto scalable.
No additional hardware
Save costs. Use what you have. Optimized for cloud including AWS, Azure, Google Cloud & more.
Huge Data & Legacy Migration
End to end implementation with migrating legacy data and handling huge data that is hundreds of terabytes.
Paperless office
Time to say Goodbye to file cabinets in your office basement.
ECM Solutions for Verticals
Corporate
Human Resource: Employee docs & employment policies
Secretarial: Shareholder, Investor relation documents
Regular functions: R&D, Finance, Customer Experience content
BFSI
Banking: Account opening forms, Account holder details & forms, Retail & Commercial lending
Insurance: New policies, Policy Servicing, Service request management
Government
Judiciary: Case File Digitization
Ministries: Automation Repositories, Grants management
Education
Libraries: Research, Journals, Archives, Subject Text Repositories
Institutions: Managing access to Repositories
Health
Hospitals & Clinics: Patient Records digitization, easy access for appointments
Insurance: Patient case history and claims management
Regardless of which industry, you are part of, and what is the scale of your operations, whether you have millions of documentations to store and archive or are a start up with expansive dreams, contact us for transforming your documentation management systems.
Many prestigious clients have entrusted us already for digital document management including HDFC Life Insurance, Utkarsh Bank, Hero Motocorp, High Courts, District Courts, and Education Ministry.
Why Vir Softech
Vir Softech reduces the pain and cost of implementation, support and maintenance of organizational data.
No proprietary licensing
Save seat-based, recurring costs of popular ECM vendors with opensource ECM.
Worry-free magic
Technology is independent of the workflow. You concentrate on your workflow and the ECM-magic is all transparent to you.
Reduced cost of ownership
Significant savings in your return on investments. You save at all three phases of project: implementation, run-time, and future-scalability.
Industry-specific solutions
Vertical solutions for Corporate, BFSI, Government, Education, and Health industries.
Track record of success
Large scale and mid-scale implementation across the globe.
Greener and cleaner world
Leave the world greener and cleaner by reducing paper-based footprint and yet not losing any data, efficiency, and be scale-ready.

